= Reactive Resource

Reactive Resource is a collection of extensions extracted from
ActiveResource wrappers around various APIs. 

== Usage

After installing the gem, your ActiveResource models should inherit
from <tt>ReactiveResource::Base</tt> instead of
<tt>ActiveResource::Base</tt>.

== Associations

The most useful thing Reactive Resource adds to ActiveResource is read
support for associations. This allows you to specify relationships between objects:

  class ReactiveResource::Lawyer < ReactiveResource::Base
    has_many :addresses
  end
  
  class ReactiveResource::Address < ReactiveResource::Base
    belongs_to :lawyer
    has_many :phones
  end
  
  class ReactiveResource::Phone < ReactiveResource::Base
    belongs_to :address
  end

and allows you to make calls like:

  ReactiveResource::Lawyer.find(1).addresses.first.phones

This also takes care of URL generation for the associated objects, so
the above command will hit <tt>/lawyers/1.json</tt>, then
<tt>/lawyers/1/addresses.json</tt>, then
<tt>/lawyers/1/addresses/:id/phones.json</tt>.

Currently, Reactive Resource only supports 'read-style'
associations. It does not yet support things like +build_association+
and +association=+.

== Other additions

=== Nested routes

One thing ActiveResource was lacking was good support for generating
nested paths for child resources. Reactive Resource uses the
+belongs_to+ declarations to generate paths like
<tt>/lawyers/1/addresses.json</tt>, without having to specify all the paths
in each class. 

=== Support for singleton resources

For singleton resources, ActiveResource would still use the plural and
generate paths like "/lawyers/1/headshots.json". I didn't like this, so you
can now mark a resource as a singleton resource:

  class ReactiveResource::Headshot < ReactiveResource::Base
    singleton
  end

and the paths will be generated correctly. This is based on the patch
at https://rails.lighthouseapp.com/projects/8994/tickets/4348-supporting-singleton-resources-in-activeresource

=== Support for setting URL options after creation

In ActiveResource, if you had nested URLs specified in the resource
path in your class definition, you had to set those params at the
object's creation time. Reactive Resource allows you to set those
parameters at any time after object creation.

